# AutomaticClassRegisterPython
# Description:
Another go at a better and more reliable class register.
The script uses Selenium to autonomously navigate through the pages and enter data.

Technlogies Used:
  - Python 3.5+ (this may work with other variants of Python 3 but no guarantees for Python 2)
  - Selenium Python Wrapper

Currently supported browsers:
  - PhantomJS             (Default)
  - Chrome
  - Mozilla Firefox       (Unreliable due to Marionette update)

I have not tested other browsers; however, all Selenium supported browsers should be supported by the script with minor modifications.

This has been tested during the Fall 2016-2017 registration period. I was able to get into two classes with less than 6 available spots.

# Installation:
  1. Before you run the script you need to install `Selenium for Python`
  2. Either download the zip folder of this repository or run 
    ``$ git clone https://github.com/fredzqm/AutomaticClassRegisterPython.git``
  3. Navigate to the root of this project directory.
  4. In the root directory of the repos, run the following command: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

# How to Use:
  1. Edit the `data.txt` file. Any text surrounded by "**" should be deleted and replaced with valid data. The time after attempt_start will determine when the script starts to refreshing the site. __Please make sure `attempt_start` is before your registeration date!!__
  2. Navigate to where `autoRegister.py`.
  4. Execute `python autoRegister.py <data.txt> <optional: browser name>` in the src folder
     - Current browser names: "phantom", "chrome", and "firefox" without the quotes. The script does not care about casing.
     - **Warning:** PhantomJS is a headless browser with no visual feedback. Check the `confirmation.jpg` file to ensure if you have successfully registered. For those paranoid, I suggest staying away from the headless browser default.
  5. The script will execute and navigate to the registration page. If it is not yet `attempt_date`, the script will print the current time. If it is pass `attempt_date`, it will constantly refresh the page until registration is ready. Then, it will fill out the fields and submit.
  6. If somehow there is an exception, like your password is wrong, your pin is wrong, your click or something you are not supposed to, the script will retry the whole process automatically. Use Ctrl-C in terminal to exit the program.
  

 ## Logs and screen shots
   For your record, the script would take an screenshot called `waitingPage.jpg` saved in the `img` directory located at the root of this directory. Once completed, a screenshot will be taken and saved in the an `img` directory located at the root of the directory as `confirmation.jpg`. The browser will then close.
   There will be logs generated by the drivers. These logs are located in the `logs` directory located at the root of project directory. They are named according to the browser used.
